radical simplification of change coins (#1222)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/using-wasabi/ChangeCoins.md

## Types of change

### Non-Coinjoin change

Let's assume you want to send 0.5 bitcoin to Alice.

> In the `Send` tab you select one or more UTXO, these are the inputs of the transaction.

Reviewer: This assumes that we use coin control which not the case by default.

Author: if you're sending non-private [change] coins, then it will show pocket selection at least.

Reviewer: Not true always (when you send to the same entity) and you do not select UTXOs.

> In the `Send` tab you select one or more UTXO, these are the inputs of the transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `Send` dialog you select one or more UTXO, these are the inputs of the transaction.
```

> In the `Send` dialog you select one or more UTXO, these are the inputs of the transaction.
> For example, let's assume that you choose an `anonymity score 1` UTXO worth 2 bitcoins.

Author: ```suggestion
```

This process is applicable to any Bitcoin transaction where the `sent` amount is less than the total value of the input UTXO.

### Coinjoin change

> In some few cases, especially for the wealthiest user of a coinjoin, there will be a `anonymity score 1` output in a coinjoin transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some few cases, especially for the wealthiest user of a coinjoin, there will be an `anonymity score 1` output in a coinjoin transaction.
```

> ### Avoid change in the first place.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Avoid change in the first place
```

> ### Avoid change in the first place.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Avoid change in the first place
```

Whenever possible, choose UTXO's for transactions where the destination addresses receive the entire value of your UTXO's, and you don't get any change back.
This can easily be done by clicking the shield icon in the top right corner of the transaction preview screen, and adjusting the payment amount to be slightly higher or lower.
This might not be possible in some cases where you have to pay a specific value of a payment request.

> ### Make it difficult to deduce the change.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Make it difficult to deduce the change
```

Now Alice will know that you owned the 0.10 bitcoin and that you currently own the 0.09 bitcoin change, but she cannot find out about your premix transaction history.

> Wasabi will automatically check if you have a coin with the same label for the current payment recipient, and will suggest those coins to be spent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wasabi will automatically check if you have a coin with the same label for the current payment recipient, and will use those coins to be spent.
```

### Spend the change with another entity, where you don't mind if each of the two know that you transact with the other entity

When you send a transaction to Alice, then she knows that the change output goes back to you.
You can use this change to send bitcoin to Bob, and if he has bad privacy habits, Alice can find out you sent to him.

> But if you have a trusted relationship with the two, then this is alright, and not part of your thread model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But if you have a trusted relationship with the two, then this is alright, and not part of your threat model.
```

Now Alice will know that you owned the 0.10 bitcoin and that you currently own the 0.09 bitcoin change, but she cannot find out about your premix transaction history.

> Wasabi will automatically check if you have a coin with the same label for the current payment recipient, and will suggest those coins to be spend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wasabi will automatically check if you have a coin with the same label for the current payment recipient, and will suggest those coins to be spent.
```

> ### Spend the change with another entity, where you don't mind if each of the two knows that you transact with the other entity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Spend the change with another entity, where you don't mind if each of the two knows that you transact with the other entity
```

> ### Spend the change with another entity, where you don't mind if each of the two knows that you transact with the other entity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Spend the change with another entity, where you don't mind if each of the two know that you transact with the other entity
```

When you send a transaction to Alice, then she knows that the change output goes back to you.
You can use this change to send bitcoin to Bob, and if he has bad privacy habits, Alice can find out you sent to him.
But if you have a trusted relationship with the two, then this is alright, and not part of your thread model.

> ### Coinjoin more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Coinjoin more
```

> Since Wasabi 2.0 has no minimum amount for coinjoin, any change coin will be automatically registered for the next coinjoin round. If you wait long enough, Wasabi will make sure that you don't have any anonscore 1 change coins in your wallet, but only private coins not related to any previous payment.

Reviewer: There is a minimum amount for coinjoin. https://docs.wasabiwallet.io/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.html#what-is-the-minimum-amount-required-to-coinjoin

IMO we should remove this section.

Author: ```suggestion
Since Wasabi 2.0 has a minimum amount for coinjoin of only 5000 sats, any change coin will be automatically registered for the next coinjoin round. If you wait long enough, Wasabi will make sure that you don't have any anonscore 1 change coins in your wallet, but only private coins not related to any previous payment.
```

> Since Wasabi 2.0 has a minimum amount for coinjoin of only 5000 sats, any change coin will be automatically registered for the next coinjoin round. If you wait long enough, Wasabi will make sure that you don't have any anonscore 1 change coins in your wallet, but only private coins not related to any previous payment.

Reviewer: I think there is no guarantee that change coins will be registered automatically in the next CJ round, right?

```suggestion
Since Wasabi 2.0 has a minimum amount for coinjoin of only 5000 sats, any change coin with an amount larger than that will be registered in a future coinjoin round.
If you wait long enough, Wasabi will make sure that you don't have any anonscore 1 change coin in your wallet, but only private coins not linked to any previous payment.
```
